Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1021.1.1 (#3005)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1021-2-0-resolved-no-assets-to-move-to-message-appearing-incorrectly-when-moving-groups.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Removed incorrect message appearing when moving groups"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Fixed incorrect error message showing up on moving groups"
```

> title: "Resolved 'No assets to move to' message appearing incorrectly when moving groups"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Removed incorrect message appearing when moving groups"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1775"
version: "1021.2.0"
---

> Previously, when attempting to move groups within a hierarchy, users would receive an incorrect error message stating "No assets to move to," despite having valid destination locations available. The system now properly displays all available destination options when moving groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when attempting to move groups within a hierarchy, users received an incorrect error message stating "No assets to move to", despite having valid destination assets available. The system now properly displays all available destination options when moving groups.
```

> Previously, after creating three groups (Group1, Group2, Group3) and moving Group3 under Group1, selecting Group3 again and clicking 'Move Selected' displayed the expected options—Group2 and "Move to root"—along with an unintended "No assets to move to" message. This message has now been removed when valid options are available, showing only the relevant choices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, when attempting to move groups within a hierarchy, users would receive an incorrect error message stating "No assets to move to," despite having valid destination locations available. The system now properly displays all available destination options when moving groups.
```

Reviewer 2: The existing message is very confusing, I don't think customers will be able to understand that easily

> Previously, after creating three groups (Group1, Group2, Group3) and moving Group3 under Group1, selecting Group3 again and clicking 'Move Selected' displayed the expected options—Group2 and "Move to root"—along with an unintended "No assets to move to" message. This message has now been removed when valid options are available, showing only the relevant choices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, after creating three groups (Group1, Group2, Group3) and moving, for example, Group3 under Group1, selecting Group3 again and clicking **Move selected** displayed the options along with an unintended "No assets to move to" message. This message has now been removed when valid options are available, showing only the relevant choices.
```
